I consider marriage an act of worship and a means for two individuals to support each other in attaining the pleasure of Allah. I believe Islam is the complete code of life and this worldly life is temporary compared to the everlasting Hereafter.

My intention is to build a peaceful, Islamic family where both spouses help one another follow the path of Deen and strive for Jannatul Firdaus together.

This is part of my regular supplication: (25:74)رَبَّنَا هَبْ لَنَا مِنْ اَزْوَاجِنَا وَ ذُرِّیّٰتِنَا قُرَّةَ اَعْیُنٍ وَّ اجْعَلْنَا لِلْمُتَّقِیْنَ اِمَامًا

PERSONAL DETAILS
Name			: Imran Hossain Sohag
Father’s Name		: Nurul Islam
Mother’s Name		: Marjina Begum
Date of Birth		: 1 July 1997.
Height			: 5' 8''
Weight			: 68 kg
Blood Group		: AB+
Marital Status		: single 
Gender			: Male 
Religion		: Islam 
Present Address		: West Rampura, Rampura, Dhaka
Permanent Address 	: Ruhiterpar, Changerchar Bazar, Matlab Uttar, Chandpur.
Nationality		: Bangladeshi (by birth)
Home District		: Chandpur

FAMILY DELAILS   

Nurul Islam 		— Father	He is a carpenter by profession.

Marjina Begum 		— Mother	Housewife.

Siblings: 2 Brothers and 1 Sister

Imran Hossain Sohag 	— 		Marriage Candidate

Khadija Akter		— Sister	Housewife; has one son and one daughter. Her husband works in the NSI as a driver in Chattogram.

Jahidur Rahman Sujon 	— Brother	Student; currently receiving training at the Bangladesh-Korea Technical Training Center for going abroad.

Nur Jahan Begum 	— Aunt		Housewife; has three daughters and one son. Her husband is a farmer.

Nur Mohammad 		— Uncle		Owns a furniture business in Baganbari.He has one son and two daughters.

Nurujjaman 		— Uncle		Expatriate in Malaysia. He has one son.

H. M. Raobiul Alam 	— Uncle		Teacher at Sare Panchani Hossaini Fazil Madrasah. He has one son.

Mst. Noyon Begum 	— Aunt		Housewife; has three sons. Her husband is an expatriate in Dubai.

Our grandparents are an integral part of our family.

• Family Status: Respectable, Middle-class, Religious trier. 
• Address: Ruhiterpar, Changerchar Bazar, Matlab Uttar, Chandpur. 
• District: Chandpur

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

BSc (Bachelor of Science)

Board / University	: Green University of Bangladesh
Duration		: 4 years
Program		: Computer Science & Engineering
Year of Passing	: 2025

Diploma In Engineering 

Institution		: Munshiganj Polytechnic Institute 
Department		: Computer Technology
Duration		: 4 years
Year of Passing	: 2020

Secondary School Certificate

Institution		: Jeeb Gaon General Haque High School and College
Department		: Science 
Year of Passing 	: 2016

	
Work Experience

• Content Coordinator and Data Processing Manager, 
Earthface IT, Malibagh, Dhaka.
6 january 2024 - Present

Skills & Competencies
Skilled in driving (licensed), Swimming.
Automation Using Machine Learning and AI
Data Analysis

Achievements

Received multiple academic scholarships during my student life.
Received the Best Project Presenter Award from the Honorable Vice Chancellor of Green University of Bangladesh (GUB).

Training & Certifications

Completed several professional and skill-development trainings.
Entrepreneurship and Skill Development Project (ESDP), 60 Hours 15 Days
5-Day Long Leadership Training Camp


Extra Curricular Activities

Assistant Director, MUPI Welfare Association(MWA)
Former President of Narayanganj District and Member of the CIT Department of Bangladesh Islami Chhatrshibir.

Hobbies and Interests

Contributing as a Google Maps guide.
Always try my best to stand by people and help them during challenging situations.
Listening to Islamic songs without musical instruments, especially the life-oriented songs of Saifullah Mansur and Motiur Rahman Mollik.

Contact Information: 
• Name			: Imran Hossain Sohag
• Email			: mdih.cse@gmail.com 
• Phone			: +8801632206230
• Present Address	: West Rampura, Rampura, Dhaka, Bangladesh. 

Expectations

A spouse who is Deen-oriented, practices modesty, values family and wishes to build an Islamic household based on Taqwa, mutual respect and support.